Add login cluster only recipe (#881)
OSC/ood-documentation: source/installation/cluster-config-schema.rst

.. note::

  The user is responsible for providing the `%s` that is used to place the script content. If a `script_wrapper` is provided without `%s` then batch connect applications are unlikely to work properly.

******************
Login Cluster Only

> ******************

Reviewer: This renders fine, but I feel like it's weird to have the `****` line on the top  - do headers in other files do this?

Author: I'm not sure what the comment means with "`****` line on the top". I'm just trying to add the subtopic under cluster, and that was the only way I could find that matched what was in the file and others to make this visible in the nav, while also keeping this in a somewhat rational place.

Were you thinking a separate page like the resource-providers and a navigation link at that depth instead of under cluster config?

Reviewer: I mean the line of **** on 195 above the heading. 

This I've seen a lot throughout this repo.
```
Login Cluster Only
******************
```

This - with a line of **** above the heading - I don't think I've seen in this repo.
```
******************
Login Cluster Only
******************
```

Author: Yeah, we use that all over. I think you are thinking of `====` and some others. You get an error without that top line.

If you look in the `cluster-config-schema.rst` for instance, you can see it in `A Break Down`.

I like it because it seemed to give the best navigation output for a user to see this is all, but I am open to changing it.

Author: Huh, but yeah when I look in `kubernetes.rst` I only see the version with them on the bottom. Well then, I am happy to remove the top line, less text the better.

Author: Yeah I don't know, it's a build error around the title being at an inconsistent level, but when you add that top line back things work. 

This is a small thing to me that it needs that though, and I see it used elsewhere so it doesn't bother me.

Author: Haha, so I think the reason this file needs that is because the rest of the file was written that way.

When I remove the top lines on the other headings for `First an Example` and `A Break Down` and have only bottom lines for them all with `****` it will render normal and show correctly in the nav. So i'll include a commit to remove those other top pieces as well.

Suppose you need want to create a *login cluster that does not schedule or run jobs*. It is used purely as a login/shell cluster only.

> To accomplish this, you need to simply leave out the ``v2job`` stanza that associates a scheduler with the cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To accomplish this, you need to simply leave out the ``v2.job`` stanza that associates a scheduler with the cluster.
```

An example config file in ``ondemand.d/pitzer_01_login.yml``:

.. code-block:: yaml

    ---
    v2:
    metadata:
        title: "Pitzer Login"
        url: "https://www.osc.edu/supercomputing/computing/pitzer"
        hidden: false
    login:
        host: "pitzer-login01.hpc.osu.edu"

> Again, the thing to not here is we've left off the ``v2.job`` which renders the cluster useable only for logins, i.e.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Again, the thing to note here is we've left off the ``v2.job`` which renders the cluster useable only for logins, i.e.
```
